missing word (#178)
ferrous-systems/rust-training: training-slides/src/ferrocene-installing.md

## Cross-Compilation Targets

* Compiling for a machine that is not the current host

> * The list of targets increase from release to release

Reviewer: It's a good spot, but I wouldn't want to rule out us maybe deprecating targets in future, so I think the missing word here in "change"
```suggestion
* The list of targets may change from release to release
```

Reviewer: I should probably also add the line to the previous page, "Host Targets"
